Menu Close About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us SAP Login Outdated browser. For a better user experience, please update your browser. AHEAD OF LIQUID LOGISTICS Tank storage A fully dedicated tank concept from jetty to tank and further to road- and rail transport mode is the standard tank concept at ADPO. Read more Drum- and IBC filling Your filling partner for commodities, easy chemicals and fine chemicals for the pharma and healthcare sector. From single truck batches to large tender volume fillings. Warehousing Integrated fully-equipped warehouse services linked to filling and transport services. Full tank container logistics One-stop-shop for all your integrated iso tank logistics More services Working towards a greener future It is our ambition to be front runner in the chemical logistic sector to contribute to the climate challenge by de-carbonising your supply chain, using clean energy to minimize CO2 emissions and comply with the recognized international social and environmental standards (SDG’s). Read more Team ADPO 'All for one, one for all' – goes a saying that expresses the strength of a team in any sector of life and work. Individual members are the pillar of a cooperative team, while the team inspires every person to triumph over any obstruction. Our team is the ADPO family where each member’s strength is the team and the team’s strength is every individual member of it. Bekijk alle vacatures News 14/03/2022 Succesfull launch of the self-registration for truck drivers From Monday 14 March all truck drivers are digital announced via self-registration consoles. After receipt of the time slot request via... 11/03/2022 Artikel in FLOWS van 11 Maart 2022 Het tankopslagbedrijf ADPO neemt in de Antwerpse haven een nieuwe tankput, bestaande uit zes tanks, in gebruik. De 'TP25' wordt ingezet... 23/02/2022 Launch of our new website! Our new website is now live! Tell us what you think! We would appreciate your feedback! More news Interested in cooperation with ADPO? Contact us +32 (0)3 570 63 00 Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 B-9130 Kallo info@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us News Certificates SAP portal SAP login © 2022 Brand. All right reserved. Privacy Policy
Menu Close About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us SAP Login Outdated browser. For a better user experience, please update your browser. AHEAD OF LIQUID LOGISTICS Tank storage A fully dedicated tank concept from jetty to tank and further to road- and rail transport mode is the standard tank concept at ADPO. Read more Drum- and IBC filling Your filling partner for commodities, easy chemicals and fine chemicals for the pharma and healthcare sector. From single truck batches to large tender volume fillings. Warehousing Integrated fully-equipped warehouse services linked to filling and transport services. Full tank container logistics One-stop-shop for all your integrated iso tank logistics More services Working towards a greener future It is our ambition to be front runner in the chemical logistic sector to contribute to the climate challenge by de-carbonising your supply chain, using clean energy to minimize CO2 emissions and comply with the recognized international social and environmental standards (SDG’s). Read more Team ADPO 'All for one, one for all' – goes a saying that expresses the strength of a team in any sector of life and work. Individual members are the pillar of a cooperative team, while the team inspires every person to triumph over any obstruction. Our team is the ADPO family where each member’s strength is the team and the team’s strength is every individual member of it. Bekijk alle vacatures News 14/03/2022 Succesfull launch of the self-registration for truck drivers From Monday 14 March all truck drivers are digital announced via self-registration consoles. After receipt of the time slot request via... 11/03/2022 Artikel in FLOWS van 11 Maart 2022 Het tankopslagbedrijf ADPO neemt in de Antwerpse haven een nieuwe tankput, bestaande uit zes tanks, in gebruik. De 'TP25' wordt ingezet... 23/02/2022 Launch of our new website! Our new website is now live! Tell us what you think! We would appreciate your feedback! More news Interested in cooperation with ADPO? Contact us +32 (0)3 570 63 00 Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 B-9130 Kallo info@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us News Certificates SAP portal SAP login © 2022 Brand. All right reserved. Privacy Policy
Menu Close About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us SAP Login Outdated browser. For a better user experience, please update your browser. Home Contact us ADPO Group NV Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 9130 Kallo Belgium commercial@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 BE 0436.622.536 LLH NV Liefkenshoek Logistic Hub NV +32 (0)3 570 03 00 Haven 1931 Geslecht 9130 Beveren Belgium BE 0540.545.069 AFC NV Liquid transport +32 (0)3 570 63 91 Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 9130 Kallo Belgium BE 0443.185.377 ALP ADPO Logistic Park 32 (0)3 570 03 00 Steentijdstraat 9130 Verrebroek Belgium BE 0436.622.536 ACC Packed transport +32 (0)3 570 63 91 Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 9130 Kallo Belgium BE 0890.326.079 Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 B-9130 Kallo info@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us News Certificates SAP portal SAP login © 2022 Brand. All right reserved. Privacy Policy
Menu Close About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us SAP Login Outdated browser. For a better user experience, please update your browser. Home News News News that keeps you informed of the changing events and realizations at ADPO. 14/03/2022 Succesfull launch of the self-registration for truck drivers From Monday 14 March all truck drivers are digital announced via self-registration consoles. After receipt of the time slot request via... 11/03/2022 Artikel in FLOWS van 11 Maart 2022 Het tankopslagbedrijf ADPO neemt in de Antwerpse haven een nieuwe tankput, bestaande uit zes tanks, in gebruik. De 'TP25' wordt ingezet... 23/02/2022 Launch of our new website! Our new website is now live! Tell us what you think! We would appreciate your feedback! 15/12/2021 First bioLNG delivery We received the first bioLNG delivery for our gas fuel station. The use of bioLNG further reduces the emission of CO2, while retaining... 15/11/2021 Arrival of swap tanks Our iso container fleet welcomes again some new swap tanks. These swap tanks are equipped with extra steam coils and extra insulation to... 'FANTASTIC' how incredible you feel after reading good news! News team - ADPO Interested in working with ADPO? contact us +32 (0)3 570 63 00 Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 B-9130 Kallo info@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us News Certificates SAP portal SAP login © 2022 Brand. All right reserved. Privacy Policy
Menu Close About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us SAP Login Outdated browser. For a better user experience, please update your browser. Home Werken bij ADPO Werken bij ADPO Werk voor een groeibedrijf met toekomst! Op zoek naar een job in een dynamische omgeving? U wil vooruit in het leven en in uw carrière? En liefst ook een flexibel loonpakket en interessante arbeidsvoorwaarden? Reageer dan vandaag nog op één van onze vacatures of doe een spontane sollicitatie! Brian Muylaert Customer Service Coordinator "Het is altijd fijn om op ADPO te zijn!" Geert Bosman Shiftsupervisor warehouse & drumming "Al het magazijnwerk is mijn troef en verantwoordelijkheid uiteraard samen met mijn collega’s en dit reeds 15 jaar met evenveel goesting “service with a smile”!" Katrien Van De Merlen Planner "ADPO staat voor: A: Ambiance onder de collega’s D: Doorgroeimogelijkheden P: Passie voor de job O: Ongelooflijk veel werk in een aangename omgeving" Waarom werken bij ADPO? ADPO bestaat uit 4 bedrijven die allen gevestigd zijn in de Haven van Antwerpen. Als jong en dynamisch bedrijf zijn vernieuwing en uitbreiding voortdurend aan de orde. ADPO heeft momenteel bijna 340 werknemers in dienst, die van een flexibel loonpakket en interessante arbeidsvoorwaarden genieten. Lees meer Onze jobs ADR chauffeur bulktransport Transport van tankcontainers, nationaal en internationaal Apply Elektromekanieker Onderhoud en herstellingen aan het machinepark en electrische installaties Apply Loketbediende@LLH Loketbediende op Liefkenshoek Logistic Hub (LLH) Apply Loketbediende@ADPO Loketbediende op ADPO Apply Operator@ADPO Operator tankpark op ADPO Apply Heftruckchauffeur@ADPO Heftruckchauffeur Apply Operator vatenvulling@ADPO Operator vatenvulling/heftruckchauffeur Apply Vond je de job niet die je interesseerde? Contacteer ons en dan zien we hoe we je kunnen helpen contacteer ons +32 (0)3 570 63 00 Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 B-9130 Kallo info@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us News Certificates SAP portal SAP login © 2022 Brand. All right reserved. Privacy Policy
Menu Close About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us SAP Login Outdated browser. For a better user experience, please update your browser. Home About us About us With ADPO and via the Port of Antwerp you can reach 70% of the European consumers within a radius of 750 kilometres. Our terminals link up well with Belgium's excellent transport network via road, rail and sea to the European hinterland. Our history Please have a look at the history markers that were important for ADPO. view our history Quality Safety Environment Quality is vital to our future. The quality assurance system ISO 9001: 2015 is implemented and certified throughout the whole organisation to ensure high-quality services and an excellent working environment. The active and proactive management and updating of our quality system is our day-today concern. All our services and operations are constantly monitored by internal and external safety specialists. Information, training and observation of all employees and contractors are essential for an adequate safety policy. 'Prevention is better than cure' is our motto. We operate the SQAS attestation for terminalling, cleaning and road haulage. We work according the BBS or Behavior Based Safety principles. To comply with the applicable laws, regulations and standards, we operate an own physicochemical and biological water treatment plant. Waste and wastewater are limited to a strict minimum and we will try to reuse it as much as possible. Furthermore, our goal is to prevent odor and noise pollution. We therefore promote direct communication and an open relationship with our neighbors and the government. INTEGRATED AND SUSTAINABLE LOGISTICS DO HAVE A NAME.. Our team Our 350 motivated colleagues make day after day the difference! Why work at ADPO Unique storage facility With its unique position at the heart of the European oil and chemical industry, the Port of Antwerp offers world-class logistics and storage facilities. ADPO is since 30 years a trendsetting terminal in the Antwerp Port with an unique integrated or one-stop-shop terminal concept. The tandem of Antwerp as the Port of the future and ADPO as leader in smart, agile and sustainable liquid logistics is a guarantee for success. view tank storage Integrated logistics One terminal on one location offering tank storage, iso container storage, heating, cleaning, repair, drum- and IBC filling, warehousing, transport and custom services.. integrated logistics do have a name.. ADPO! view integrated logistics Safety, health, environment and quality We undertake to manage our businesses and facilities with a view to the protection of the environment, the health and safety of our employees, contractors customers and the community. we minimize the impact on man and the environment during operations, storage and all related services. A sustained effort to optimize safety, health, quality and environmental aspects is the driving force behind ADPO. We aim for continuous progress and improvement through predefined and measurable objectives. It is our ultimate goal to convince management and employees that our SHEQ policy is the underlying principle of all our actions and operations. An open dialogue with all parties involved is of paramount importance. Economic benefit does not take precedence over safety, health and environment. Social responsibility Spreading goodwill and addressing social and environmental issues also allows us to leave a lasting mark that we hope will be felt for generations to come. As ADPO we believe it is our duty to be socially responsible. In 2021 we supported 'AAP' (Animal Assisted Projects) and 'De Klaproos' (center for disabled), both local organisations, making the life easier and more comfortable for people needing help. Interested in working with ADPO? contact us +32 (0)3 570 63 00 Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 B-9130 Kallo info@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us News Certificates SAP portal SAP login © 2022 Brand. All right reserved. Privacy Policy
Menu Close About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us SAP Login Outdated browser. For a better user experience, please update your browser. Home About us Our history Our history Hereby a selection of some milestones that were important in our 34 year history. 8-8-1988 Our birthday Antwerp Distribution and Product Operations (ADPO) was founded in 1988 as a Belgian, private and family managed company. ADPO has its roots and legacy in Port Of Antwerp via its parent companies the 'Graanhandel Natie' and the 'Cuba Natie'. These typical Antwerp 'Natie' companies were founded in the early twentieth century and were specialized in the storage and handling of grain (Graanhandel Natie) and wood (Cuba Natie). On the left bank of the river Scheldt in the Port of Antwerp an integrated chemical distribution complex of 15 ha was constructed. ADPO was the first Logistic Service Provider that combined all aspects of physical distribution for liquid bulk products on one site. 1994 Jetty connection for ship operations At the same time we build our first 1.000m³ storage tanks we also constructed a deepwater jetty for the receipt of our first seagoing vessel. 1999 Start of transport company AFC in 1999, AFC (ADPO transport division ) was established in order to offer our customers the full supply chain concept. Our liquid bulk transport company is specialized in the dock transport of ISO tanks between the Antwerp Port area and the ADPO storage tanks and ADPO Terminals. 2001 Inauguration of the C-Terminal ADPO expanded its existing Terminal infrastructure with 10 ha and constructs a tailor made and highly automated tank terminal connected to a 330m long deepwater jetty with 2 positions for seagoing vessels and 2 positions for coasters and barges. In that time this expansion was build for one customer but actually this C-Terminal is a multi-customer terminal with full road, rail and sea access. 2014 Inauguration of Liefkenshoek Logistics Hub (LLH NV) In Doel we construct a new Terminal LLH that is designed after the example of ADPO but also specialised in the tolling, blending and processing of typical products for the automotive and aviation sector. LLH is full road, rail and sea accessible and special equipped for the handling of block trains. LLH is also pipeline connected with two major principals in the chemical industry. 2015 Start of transport company ACC After the success of AFC and on request of many customers we also start with the transport of packed cargo such as drums and IBCs in FTL and LCL, road transport and intermodal. 2020 Water access for ISO and BOX containers From 2020 onwards ADPO is also water accessible by barge for the (re)delivery of ISO tanks and BOX containers. An enormous success because in the first year operational we kept 10.000 container transports from the Belgian road network. 2021 Inauguration of warehouse ALP (ADPO Logistic Park) ADPO opens in Verrebroek a 23.000m² large warehouse ALP with compartments of 2.000m² and 3.500m² for the storage of hazardous and non-hazardous chemicals. This warehouse is equipped with the latest WMS and bar coding technology and CO2 fire fighting equipment. 2021 Brand new and fully automated drum- and IBC filling station An investment of 6 mio € in a state-of-the-art emission free drum-and IBC filling station, fully automated and equipped with a robot label printer. 2022 Transformation of our Customer Service Departments ADPO transforms its Customer Service Dispatches from a former department based organisation to a customer oriented organisation. This enables that our Customers have a dedicated Account Manager who ensures, together with a dedicated back office and central planning, an umbrella managed and tailor made customer service. This transformation involves a huge automation and digitization exercise which is still in full process. Interested in working with ADPO? contact us +32 (0)3 570 63 00 Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 B-9130 Kallo info@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us News Certificates SAP portal SAP login © 2022 Brand. All right reserved. Privacy Policy
Menu Close About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us SAP Login Outdated browser. For a better user experience, please update your browser. Home Waarom werken bij ADPO? Waarom werken bij ADPO? When you hand good people possibility, they do great things. Nieuwe technologie Automatisatie en digitalisatie van data en bedrijfsprocessen is een continu proces bij ADPO. Wij streven ernaar om onze operaties, logistieke dienstverlening, interne en externe communicatie zo efficient mogelijk in te richten om zo onze organisatie toekomstproof te maken. Zelfregistratie-zuilen voor de chauffeurs, communicatie via tablets, onze interne communicatie App ROGER, een time slot booking systeem, WMS (Warehouse Management System) en barcode RF scanning zijn hiervan slechts enkele voorbeelden. Opleiding en training Voor vrijwel elke opleidingsbehoefte kan je van ADPO een passende oplossing verwachten die precies aansluit bij je specifieke wensen, behoeftes en praktijksituaties. De opleiding en training wordt gegeven door interne collega vak-experten die niet alleen een schat aan kennis meebrengen, maar ook waardevolle praktijkervaring. Maar we laten ons ook helpen door externe organisaties en contractoren voor de meer algemene opleidingen en trainingen. Verder werken we met een peter of meter die gespreid over een aantal dagen, weken of maanden nieuwe werknemers begeleidt bij het kennismaken met collega’s, de organisatie en alles wat bij het werk komt kijken. Team spirit De neuzen in dezelfde richting om samen topprestaties neer te zetten! Het is wetenschappelijk bewezen dat goed op elkaar ingespeelde teams in sterke mate bijdragen tot de efficiëntie en het succes van een organisatie. Weet iedereen nog waarvoor we dit nu allemaal doen? Kennen en benutten we elkaars sterktes? Hoe gaan we omgaan met elkaar? Hoe zorgen we ervoor dat iedereen zich goed en erkend voelt in het team? ADPO organiseert jaarlijks een Nieuwjaarsfeest en elke afdeling heeft een budget voor een leuke afdelingsactiviteit. Als het warm is een ijsje, als het koud is warme soep, een worstenbrood of appelbol op verloren Maandag worden nooit vergeten. Samen de Antwerp 10 miles lopen of samen fietsen of mountain biken in onze mooie ADPO fiets tenues.. Welkom bij het ADPO-Team! Diversiteit Diversiteit zorgt voor vernieuwing en creativiteit! Een divers personeelsbestand getuigt van maatschappelijke betrokkenheid, zorgt voor tevreden en loyale werknemers en maakt onze organisatie op de lange termijn productiever en innovatiever. We richten onze aanwervingen dan ook specifiek op de millennials omdat deze groep bestaat uit de meest uiteenlopende culturen. Deze millennials voelen zich dan ook thuis op ADPO met een erg divers personeelsbestand. Geïnteresseerd om te werken bij ADPO? contacteer ons +32 (0)3 570 63 00 Headquarters Haven 1111 Steenlandlaan 3 B-9130 Kallo info@adpo.com +32(0)35706300 About us Services Sustainability Jobs Contact us News Certificates SAP portal SAP login © 2022 Brand. All right reserved. Privacy Policy