Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories About Roche Meet our leadership team Board of directors Executive committee Zur deutschen Version Möchten Sie den Inhalt auf Deutsch lesen? Zur deutschen Version Discover more Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.




Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Media Media releases & Ad hoc announcements Get the latest news and updates to your inbox. Subscribe Stay updated Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Contact us This page provides details on how to get in touch with us for different types of queries relating to our medications, diagnostic products and Roche services. Any response received from Roche does not replace the advice of a physician. Please note that medications and diagnostic products cannot be directly ordered through the points of contact referenced on this page. We also do not respond to form letters or e-mail campaigns. Moreover, the media contacts provided below are not to be used to report adverse events or to ask any questions regarding medical products. For patients and their relatives If you have questions about one of our Pharma products or would like to raise a product quality concern or to report a potential side effect , please get in touch with our global medical information services. Any inquiry regarding potential side effects of a Diagnostic solution should be directed to the Roche local safety contact Suspicious side effects should also be discussed with a physician. Contacts by topic Roche is present in over 95 countries and regions. Find your contact person. See our locations Contacts in your local region or country How can I work for Roche? How can I register for clinical trials? What is the policy for Donations at Roche? What is the policy for Sponsorship at Roche? Where can I get information on Accu-Chek®? We are always looking for new talents to join the Roche family. Head over to our careers page to see the latest job openings. All clinical trials related information can be found on the ForPatients platform. For more information, learn more about Roche's clinical development process. All information on sponsorship at Roche is available on our Philanthropy criteria and requests page. Policy on Donations at Roche You can find the sponsorship info on Philanthropy Criteria and requests. Information on Accu-check can be found on the designated site. Frequently asked questions For any unanswered query, please get in touch with our contacts team. Send us a message Do you still have questions? Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Solutions Pharma Solutions Local safety reporting No results found Do you have a question about one of our medicines? Would you like to provide information about a potential side effect or raise a product quality concern? If so you can contact the Roche team in your local country using our webform at www.medinfo.roche.com Information regarding potential side effects can also be reported directly to the Roche drug safety team in your local country using the contact details provided in the list below. Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Solutions Roche Pharma solutions All Anaemia Cancer (blood tumours) Cancer (blood cancers) Dermatology Haemophilia Infectious Diseases Inflammatory & Autoimmune Diseases Neurological Disorders Ophthalmology Respiratory Disorders Transplantation Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.

Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Innovation Innovation process Explore how Roche translates science and technology into ground-breaking innovation for patients. The complexity of human biology is staggering, and drug development is extremely challenging. Across the industry, this leads to high R&D failure rates. We believe in learning from both our successes and failures, taking insights to ask new scientific questions that might lead to the next big discovery Explore how medicines are created in Roche Diagnostics R&D process Roche believes that finding innovative solutions for serious, currently unsolved medical problems is what a healthcare company is all about. Our people strive to create clinically differentiated drugs and diagnostic tests to enable tangible improvements in the health, quality of life and survival of patients. Cooperation between Pharma & Diagnostics divisions Today sophisticated technologies and molecular insights are available to better understand the root causes of diseases, to develop and adjust treatment to the patients. However discovering and developing novel medicines and diagnostic tests is still a very complex and time consuming undertaking. Over the past few years we have continously improved the organisational and technological framework to fully leverage the synergies between our Pharma and Diagnostics Divisions. Although they have different R & D processes, the two divisions can share research facilities, technologies and discoveries when working together on internal projects. This is a unique advantage that sets Roche apart from other companies. Diagnostic tools are finding increasing use in pharmaceutical research. Most importantly, close cooperation is the basis for the successful implementation of our Personalised Healthcare strategy. Pharma R&D process Scientific success cannot be programmed, but we can create the conditions that will allow it to happen: being open to new ideas, having the courage to fail. Severin Schwan CEO of Roche Discover more Careers We are a force of over 90,000 people working together across more than 100 countries. Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.

Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Innovation Roche Team & Structure Unique structure and our diverse mix of autonomous R&D units and members: This combines the strengths of discovering and developing new therapeutics, with diagnostics, data analytics, and genomic profiling expertise, so we can take multiple research directions and in turn, increases our chance of success. 01 Having Diagnostics and Pharma in one company is a powerful advantage that sets Roche apart. Two thirds of our medicine R&D projects are being developed with companion diagnostics. Synergy between Diagnostics and Pharma 02 The Roche Group R&D and innovation units RDS is researching and developing comprehensive end-to-end diagnostics solutions to address the needs of labs and Points of Care. Roche Diagnostics Solutions RIS is researching and developing digital solutions to help deliver medical value on integrated testing solutions, enabling confident healthcare decisions and improving care along the patient journey. Roche Information Solutions RDC is researching and developing solutions for glucose monitoring and insulin delivery to support people with diabetes and those at risk to reach their therapy goals and spend more time in range. Roche Diabetes Care 03 The Roche Group has a truly global spread of research, diagnostics and pharma development, data analytics and genomic insight teams at locations across 17 countries, spanning four continents, all working to translate science and research into ground-breaking therapies and diagnostics. See all R&D locations Global geographical scale and reach 04 We believe in the power of our strong partnership network driving pioneering scientific and technological breakthroughs across healthcare through diversity of cultures and scientific thinking. Get to know partnering Diversified innovation partner networks Discover more Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories About Roche Sustainability Philanthropy Our philanthropic journey Our approach to philanthropy Roche stories Our four focus areas Roche Employee Action & Charity Trust (Re&Act) Discover more Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Innovation Team & Structure Roche R&D locations Roche Pharma (pRED) Roche Diagnostics More locations At Roche's third-largest diagnostics site in Germany, nearly 500 employees have developed and produced innovative systems for laboratories since 1991. These play a key role in increasing the quality of diagnostic services and making laboratory results quickly and safely accessible to physicians and patients, as well as improving the protection of laboratory personnel. Ludwigsburg, Germany The Roche site located in historic Boston opened in October 2018 and is home to 27 dedicated employees; 24 bench scientists and 3 support staff focused on research and early development of the cobas® Liat® platform and multiple assays. Boston, USA Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, Roche Santa Clara is home to our Digital Pathology group, innovating fully integrated and scalable software and instrument solutions for pathology labs Santa Clara, USA Roche Diagnostics supplies high-tech systems, reagents and services for clinical analysis laboratories, research centers, doctors' offices, pharmacies and for patient self-monitoring. The results obtained through the products and services marketed are used by researchers, doctors and health professionals to monitor the result of research, the application of the most appropriate therapies, and for greater self-control of the patient themselves San Cugat, Spain Roche Diagnostics (Suzhou) Ltd. was established in April 2015, with approximate investment of 480 million USD as of today. As the first Roche Diagnostics manufacturing site with a R&D center in Asia, it is set out to fuel the rapid and continuous growth in China and the region, while increasing accessibility to Roche innovation and high quality diagnostic solutions to more people. Suzhou, China Roche has continued to grow in Cape Town, and the team has reached the point where they require a larger, more flexible space for research, operations and administration. Cape Town, South Africa GenMark Diagnostics is a leading provider of multiplex molecular diagnostics solutions designed to enhance patient care, improve key quality metrics and reduce the total cost-of-care Carlsbad, USA TIB Molbiol is a biotech company that has supplied the global market with reagents for research and medical diagnostics for over 30 years Berlin, Germany Discover more Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Innovation Roche Team & Structure Unique structure and our diverse mix of autonomous R&D units and members: This combines the strengths of discovering and developing new therapeutics, with diagnostics, data analytics, and genomic profiling expertise, so we can take multiple research directions and in turn, increases our chance of success. 01 Having Diagnostics and Pharma in one company is a powerful advantage that sets Roche apart. Two thirds of our medicine R&D projects are being developed with companion diagnostics. Synergy between Diagnostics and Pharma 02 The Roche Group R&D and innovation units RDS is researching and developing comprehensive end-to-end diagnostics solutions to address the needs of labs and Points of Care. Roche Diagnostics Solutions RIS is researching and developing digital solutions to help deliver medical value on integrated testing solutions, enabling confident healthcare decisions and improving care along the patient journey. Roche Information Solutions RDC is researching and developing solutions for glucose monitoring and insulin delivery to support people with diabetes and those at risk to reach their therapy goals and spend more time in range. Roche Diabetes Care 03 The Roche Group has a truly global spread of research, diagnostics and pharma development, data analytics and genomic insight teams at locations across 17 countries, spanning four continents, all working to translate science and research into ground-breaking therapies and diagnostics. See all R&D locations Global geographical scale and reach 04 We believe in the power of our strong partnership network driving pioneering scientific and technological breakthroughs across healthcare through diversity of cultures and scientific thinking. Get to know partnering Diversified innovation partner networks Discover more Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
Media Investors Careers About Roche About Roche Strategy Business Sustainability Leadership Governance History Solutions Solutions Focus areas Pharma solutions Diagnostics solutions Pipeline Innovation Innovation Team & structure Innovation process Ethical standards Partnering Stories Roche Stories Patients and science are at the heart of everything we do. It is through stories of hope, innovation, collaboration and medical breakthroughs that we truly measure the reach and impact of our work. March 21, 2022 March 21, 2022 March 21, 2022 Read the story All Patients Science Partnership Culture Society Latest stories Clinical development Data Digital health Innovation Personalised healthcare Explore more Contact Locations helpful links Covid-19 Pharma solutions Roche careers Media library Annual report 2021 linkedin facebook twitter instagram youtube Privacy policy Legal statement Cookies © 2022 F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd 3/21/2022 This website contains information on products which is targeted to a wide range of audiences and could contain product details or information otherwise not accessible or valid in your country. Please be aware that we do not take any responsibility for accessing such information which may not comply with any legal process, regulation, registration or usage in the country of your origin.
